[Translator] Option to throw an exception instead of returning the message as is when the message is not found. (#2185)
symfony/ux: src/Translator/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.20.0

> -   Add option to throw an exception when a translation is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Add `throwWhenNotFound` function to configure the behavior when a translation is not found.
```
